what's up insiders Pokemon insider here
back with another Pokemon trivia video
since I so horribly messed up in my last
one I'm going to be covering worker and
all of his appearances in the Pokemon
series thanks for watching and let's get
started before I continue in this video
I'd like to state that I will be
revealing big plot points in several
Pokemon games so if you don't want to
hear them I would recommend clicking off
now let's get started
looker was first introduced in Pokemon
platinum version as a member of the
international police we never get to
learn his real name because looker is
just his code name so in platinum his
first met in jubilife city where it
gives the player the vs recorder looker
appears basically everywhere where team
galactic is present platinum such as the
valley wind works the aterna city base
and the galactic base in Vale stone
throughout the story looker helps the
player out by giving you items and
advice to help the player advance in the
game
look her second appearance in the
Pokemon series is in Pokemon black and
white after defeating getss in the
pokemon league when you go downstairs
looker will be in your house with your
mother
asking you to help them catch the
remaining seven sages along with this
looker will give you a super rod
probably lookers biggest appearance in
the Pokemon games is his role in pokemon
x and y's post game which is named after
him the looker chapters begin when you
go to lumiose city after upgrading your
mega ring when you receive a call in the
holo caster from looker after collecting
some tickets throughout lumiose city
looker recruits you as an apprentice and
the two of you go on missions for a
while during this event you meet a girl
named Emma and her Esper living in the
streets who looker houses Emma gets a
job because she felt bad about not
paying her way and ends up getting
involved in the reason why looker is in
Kalos in the first place after capturing
zero sick looker leaves Kalos and it was
a really emotional moment in Pokemon
Omega Ruby and alpha sapphire looker can
be found in the battle resort on the
beach he has no memory of who he is but
he's holding an Auton Knight which he
gives to you this leads into the next
appearance which is in pokemon red and
blue that's right red and blue there's a
man on the SSN who says
from the International police just like
looker now I do not claim to have come
up with this and all credit to this
theory goes to my friend Ovie Soho c'mon
red and blue and omega ruby and alpha
sapphire occur at roughly the same time
we never get to see where the SSN goes
and we never get to see it return it is
more than possible that looker is the
member of the International police on
the SSN and he ended up on the beach on
the battle resort because the SS ant
either crashed or a just fell off if you
want to hear the full theory you should
check out Ovie's video on the subject
those are all the appearances of liquor
throughout Pokemon so far if you have
anything to add let me know in the
comments section thanks so much for
watching and if you enjoyed be sure to
leave a like and share the video with a
friend if you want to stay up to date on
my channel be sure to subscribe to get
notifications on when I upload if you
want to see more videos I recommend
clicking the team Eclipse playlist
annotation to see all of my videos that
went up on Team Eclipse thanks for
watching and I'll see you with another
video